c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\bin\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.exe.config
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\bin\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.exe
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\bin\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.pdb
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.exe
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.pdb
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmYeniMusteri.resources
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmAdminGiris.resources
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmAnaForm.resources
c:\users\excalibur\onedrive\belgeler\visual studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmOdalar.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmMusteriler.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmGelirGider.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmStoklar.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak Pansiyon.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmRadyoDinle.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmGazete.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmSifreGuncelle.resources
C:\Users\Excalibur\OneDrive\Belgeler\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Parlak Pansiyon\Parlak Pansiyon\obj\Debug\Parlak_Pansiyon.FrmMusteriMesaj.resources
